Hello! I am Celene. I am currently a Computer Engineering student at the University of Toronto after finishing my Mechatronics degree at the University of Waterloo. I enjoy coding, and I specialize in embedded engineering computer visualization engineering and network engineering; I love to learn & apply algorithms to real life problems.

Through my years of study, I interned at various software companies and finance companies. One of my favourite internship is working at DMG: there I developed a graph algorithm called walletscore, which is used to evaluate the riskness of a bitcoin wallet. The product is shipped to production, and it's live here https://dmgblockchain.com/blockseer

I enjoyed finance as much as I enjoyed coding, and I am currently working on a pet project to divide market state as Markov Chain in order to predict future performance.

During my years studying Mechatronics Engineering at University of Waterloo, I did multiple internships as a software engineer. I have working experience in Embedded C++. I am currently studying network security and planning on taking EHC (Ethical Hacker Certification) later this year.

For my career, I see myself working in a technology related field. I currently have no particular preference for the type of company, but I hope my future co-op placements will help me decide.

Aside from work, I am also a hardcore metal guitarist, an avid community volunteer and a wannabe junior boxer. My current hobbies include discovering new genres of music, building applications, learning how to cook and paint during my spare time. 

My current hobbies include discovering new genres of music and building applications, an avid community volunteer and a wannabe Kpop dancer. In the upcoming years, I have plans involving learning new languages and picking up other skills such as oil painting to name a few. I am also interested in the startup scene!


Recently I am picking up on trying to contribute to Open Source projects to improve my programming and debugging skills. 

Fun fact to know about me: I’ve had many recurring dreams before


jyang.site
- [x] Outside of work, I am a violinist, an artist and a wannabe barista!



Ultimate Automated Trading System - a highly-adaptive, scalable and self-regulating system requiring no manual intervention.




Currently, I am interested in exploring different fields in software and programming. My previous field and focus was mostly in embedded system and real time operating systems. Now I have been looking into cloud computing, computer vision, machine learning. 
Outside of school, I like to travel, learn about history and travel. I also practice my violin and draw and design RV stickers. Currently I’m trying some new recipes and learning snowboard 




Computer Science is the study of computers and computing through the understanding of algorithms, information theory and data analysis, automation and computing theory. Computer scientists learn programming languages, software development, and computing architecture, which is the design and structure of a computer. 


Computer Science specializations
Artificial Intelligence
Machine Learning
Video Game Development
Data Science
Computer graphics and Computational geography
Human-Computer Interaction (HIC)
Cryptography and Cyber Security
Cloud Computing


Theory of computation
Software security
Computer graphics
Algorithms and data structures
Software engineering
Web development
Cryptography
Programming


Computer Engineers are the ones who test and create the motherboard, the chipset, the RAM memory and so on. They also develop the basic firmware that allows these components to interact with the operating system.

Computer Science deals with data and algorithms while Computer Engineering is focused on hardware and firmware.

Computer Engineers develop and test the hardware and firmware for many different devices and applications. Hardware means the physical part of a computer, including components like the graphics card, the motherboard, or the keyboard. Firmware is a type of software which handles low-level control of the device’s hardware. Low-level control means basic functions and an example of firmware is the BIOS in your computer. A TV remote control also works with firmware. By comparison high-level is complex software like an Operating System. Firmware enables software to function. 

Hardware Systems
Distributed Computing
Robotics and Cybernetics
Embedded Systems
Computer Graphics and Visualization
Medical Image Computing
Computer and Network Security


Engineering computing
Embedded systems
Computer networks
Computer vision
Autonomous robotics
Programming principles
Computer architecture

https://jyang.site/



I am actively learning how to cook and how to paint (specifically water ink) in my spare time.

i there!
I am Jim, I

🐳 am a software engineer currently working at Bloomberg
🍵 Coffee addict
🐬 Graduated from University of Waterloo, interested in backend engineering, DevOps, and Blockchain.
🎸 Spent unhealthy amount of time practicing guitar, and my favourite guitarist is John Petrucci, Jason Richardson, and Nick Johnston. I post of some of my cover videos on my youtube channel here.
🏸 Play badminton (primarily singles), and my favourite player is Kento Momota.
🖥 You can learn more about me at my personal website. https://jyang.site/.

Feel free to reach me at jyang9788@gmail.com if you want to grab a coffee, play badminton, shop guitars or just chat about anything!




I recently graduated from the University of Waterloo, where I spent most of my time leading our autonomous vehicles team, staying involved in the Data Science community, organizing useless hack hackathons and doing several internships. I currently work on conversational reasoning at Facebook.

When it comes down to skills, the similarities between Computer Science and Computer Engineering begin to stand out. To succeed in any of these areas, you need to develop or improve abilities like:

Analytical thinking
Problem-solving
Creativity
Critical thinking
Attention to detail
Technical writing
Programming


Data Scientist – 113,300 USD
Computer Scientist – 99,000 USD
Java Developer – 79,100 USD
Software Programmer – 76,500 USD
Business Analyst – 68,350 USD
System Analyst – 64,600 USD
Web Designer – 52,690 USD


Firmware Engineer – 98,250 USD
Computer Engineer – 92,000 USD
Mobile Device Engineer – 91,700 USD
Computer Architecture Developer – 85,750 USD
Systems Engineer – 77,750 USD
Network Engineer – 72,350 USD
Quality Control (QC) Engineer – 44,400 USD


- [ ] I am currently exploring different fields of technology and types of coding, specially fintech and fashtech. Currently I really want to try out different kinds of programming. 

- [ ] I am currently looking into cloud computing. Unhealthy obsession for 

